DIRECTORIES:
------------
data/		Game data - room description and other.
doc/		Documentation.
grx/		Graphics.


SOURCE FILES:
-------------
avi.c		AVI editor
avihelp.c	AVI editor help
blit.c		Screenbuffer.
blit.h		Screenbuffer interface.
cfg.h		Configure file. You don't have to edit it.
client.c	Client.
console.c	Low level console controlling functions, drawing characters,
		cursor position setting, color setting, ...
console.h	Header file for previous.
crc32.c		CRC32 routine by Mark Adler.
crc32.h		CRC32 header file.
data.c		Game data loading routines, auxillary functions, weapon 
		parameters and object attributes.
data.h		Object types, data definitions.
editor.c	Simple level editor.
getopt.c	Getopt function (for system without it).
hash.c		Hash function. It hashes object ids.
hash.h		Header for previous.
help.c		Help printing routine.
help.h		Header for previous.
icon.h		Icon
kbd.c		Keyboard controlling routines. Standard and raw keyboard.
kbd.h		Header file for it.
math.h		My mathematical functions for fix-point arithmetics.
net.c		Functions for send and receive UDP packets with CRC32.
net.h		Packet heads.
server.c	Server.
server.h	Player structure definition.
sprite.c	Screen buffer, put image, sprite loader.
sprite.h	Sprite structures definitions.
test_server.c	Server testing program. Tests remote server if it's up and how many players there are.
time.c		Time getting and synchronization routines.
time.h		Header for previous.
winconsole.c	Console for Windows.
winkbd.c	Keyboard for Windows.
x.h		Constants and global variables for X support.
xinterface.c	Low level functions for X display control. It's an alternative 
		to console.c.
xkbd.c		X keyboard functions - alternative to kbd.c.


BUILD FILES:
------------
Makefile.in	makefile input for configure script
acconfig.h	macro definitions for autoheader
aclocal.m4	M4 macros for autoheader
config.h.in	input for configure script
configure	configure script
configure.in	source of the configure script (for autoconf)
clean_forte	removes everything unnecessary
rebuild		completely rebuilds 0verkill
